docs: add note for Image responsive layout (#25915)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

When `responsive`, the image will scale the dimensions down for smaller
viewports and scale up for larger viewports.

> Warning, the parent element must not have style `display: flex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning, the responsive layout may not work correctly if the parent element uses a display value other than `block` such as `display: flex` or `display: grid`.
```
